What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you intialize a repositary using git init command, it creates 
	ahidden .git folder in that directory. Now we can use all the
	features of git withinin that  directory, and have version control 
	on our files within that directory and the sub directories within it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is the intermediate between wd and repository.
	i.e the file is in the phase of being commited.
	we can remove any file from staging area by using git reset, as
	opposed to git add used for adding files to the area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?

	Initially using the git diff comand compare the changes in wd and
	staging area. If any files have changes and you want tht changes to 
	commit, then choose one file and add it it staging area using 
	git add filename. Then with git diff --staged command make sure that 
	you want to commit those changes. then run the git commit command 
	to make one logical change per commit.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?
	
	For experimenting your project with some new feature, for making
	your project in some new language. Branches will help in keeping
	the experimental work isolated i.e any changes made to it will not 
	mess up with the orignal project(master branch).

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	diagrams visually shows us the branches, does we can visually 
	differentiate between the master branch and other branches.
	Plus putting arrows towars the parent whenever a commit is created
	help us find what commmits are reachable and which are not. It clears
	the concept of reachability.
	
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?

	The result of merging two braches together is that all the changes are
	present now on the master line and we can acces those changes while being 
	on the master line.
	the diagram represntationmakes it easy for us to understand the concept
	behing branches , reachability and merging and it expalins how the whole
	merging process works.
	
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges 
manually?

	Automatic merging helps the merge process easier when there are many
	branches and commits. but at the sae time if the same code say B is
	modified by two person say rock modifies it to B' and johny to B''
	then a merge conflict arises which we have to solve by opening the file 
	which is then divided into three parts the changes made by me, the common,
	and the master. So we resolve the conflict in file and then add file to 
	staging area and commit thst change.
	
	MAnuallly merging can be eay for shorter projects but is not that fast for 
	larger projects.